If I told you to design me
an underground city.
something that could safely weather
anything from a nuclear blast
to environmental catastrophe.
what would you say?
[Anders]
I'd tell you it's impossible.
Twenty-five thousand people.
I mean. you'd have to have
a space the size of Toledo.
It's not possible.
Build me my city!
[Presley]
This place isn't what you think it is.
My boyfriend's missing.
my father is God knows where
being blamed for everything.
And now. the closest person
I have left down here
got arrested
for something she didn't do.
And your mother
isn't who you think she is.
Are you Sinatra?
And what about those people
who are disappearing?
I promise I had nothing to do
with putting them down there.
And I'm gonna get to the bottom of it.
Hey! The fuck you guys doing?
- Uh...
- [Robinson] Hey!
[grunting]
I wasn't a fucking sidepiece.
and I'll be damned
if I let his kid get pummeled.
Come on.
It's the girl. Doc. Jane.
[Gabriela]
I know what you did
to Baines. Robinson. to Pace.
Then you know what I'm capable of.
She's up to something
and I'm gonna figure out what it is.
If you come for her.
you come through me.
[Sinatra]
We have bigger problems.
A militia has amassed
outside our bunker doors.
They appear heavily armed
and quite serious.
We have no idea what they want.
My boss is willing to meet.
but only with you.
Five men. unarmed...
and a slice of apple pie.
I'll see what I can do.
[Xavier]
I came all the way here to find her.
[Gary] [over radio]
I'm sorry. Xavier.
[switch clicking]
- [yelling]
- [explosion booming]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Xavier?
[Anders] The tank room.
Our life support systems
were modeled after
the International Space Station.
A self-contained regenerative loop
to provide maximum protection
against environmental instability.
- Oxygen and nitrogen tanks?
- Correct. yes.
The atmospheric levels
will be constantly monitored
all over the city to maintain a precise
78.1% N2. 20.9% O2 balance.
Water from the aquifer--
[Cal] Sorry. I'm gonna need you
to pause right there.
Any chance we can take this tour
down a few grade levels?
[Anders]
Uh. of course. Mr. President.
Um. these tanks store gases.
- which allow us to exactly replicate--
- Sorry. lower.
- The nitrogen--
- Sorry. it's my fault.
I'm not setting the proper bar
for you to clear.
Think. um... caveman.
These store air to breathe underground.
- [snapping] There you go.
- Leader of the free world.
What's next?
Dirty water we make clean.
Trash becomes fire.
Cold water becomes hot water.
Four modular nuclear reactors.
One is operational.
and we're in the final countdown
to get all four online.
[Cal singing melody
to "The Final Countdown" by Europe]
It's "Final Countdown."
You should know that.
It's from Europe. the band.
You're from Europe.
the continent.
- [Anders] Ah.
- Epic tune. guys.
You need to listen
to more '80s music.
- No. I know the song.
- [Cal chuckles]
Any questions?
Yes. Where's the...
you know. the clicker?
I figured there must be
some sort of universal remote
that controls all this?
Actually. yes.
- That's a good question. Mr. President.
- Thanks.
If you'd-- this way. you can...
This is all very impressive. Sam.
It's so impressive.
- You happy?
- I'm satisfied with the progress.
You're satisfied with the progress.
That's good.
Any interest in moonlighting
as my press secretary?
[chuckles]
I'm busy moonlighting as a CEO.
Oh. another good one.
Samantha Redmond.
queen of the zingers.
You know. Jessica and I
honeymooned in London.
Two weeks of theater.
and walks. and beer.
Lots of beer.
Right next to our favorite pub.
there was this. uh. fancy pajama shop.
I mean. fancy. like. like Lord Grantham.
Downton Abbey stuff. you know?
And our last day. very day-drunk.
we walked in and decided
I should get a souvenir.
so I picked out this robe.
It was silk. had tassels on it.
It was ridiculous.
Felt like I was wearing a cloud.
I go to pay for it.
and it was £6.000.
- You didn't.
- Yeah. 8.000 US dollars.
That's more than my first car.
But I was in too deep.
Had to buy it.
- I have never worn it. Not once.
- [chuckles]
I mean. tried it on a couple times
for dinner parties.
let people take pictures.
[sighs]
Is it crazy
that even after all these years
and all we've done...
part of me still hopes that this bunker
is like those pajamas?
An expensive story
to trot out at parties.
Instead of the alternative...
where it's the place
that me and my kid...
and my kid's kids are all gonna die.
- Oh. Sam. I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
- I didn't mean to--
- Cal. it's fine.
People always do that.
They say "kid" or "death".
and then apologize.
I think about him
every minute of every day.
You don't have to apologize.
But you should have someone come
pack up that robe for you. Mr. President.
This place is not an impulse buy.
This place is the future.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- [Teri] [muffled] Xavier?
- [muffled] Teri?
[muffled] Xavier?
Let me through. that's my husband!
Let me through! That is--
- [guard 1] Get him outta here!
- [guard 2] Get him up.
- [Xavier grunting]
- [Teri] Xavier.
- Get him out of here! Come on!
- That's my husband!
[grunting]
Xavier!
I don't want to hurt anyone.
That's my wife.
I came a long way to find her.
and I need to know that she's okay.
- [guard 3] Let her go.
- [whispering] Come here. Teri.
I heard you on the radio.
- I came. and I found you.
- Where are the kids?
Back where I came from.
[Dakota]
The Colorado Bunker?
Xavier. they're friends.
You can put the gun down.
I told them what I know
about Colorado.
That's where the train's going.
I'm going with them.
We can go with them.
- You really okay?
- Baby. I'm okay.
Put the gun down.
I don't want to hurt anyone.
Mailman said Teri was in danger.
- Check the perimeter now.
- Two-man team. let's go to the...
Before this goes any further.
I need to ask you a few questions.
He set off a bomb
and went Jason Bourne on us.
and he knows about the bunker.
We're not gonna hurt him.
I'll meet you in the tent.
♪
- I like your hair.
- [chuckles softly]
You got skinny.
[kiss smacking]
[deep breath]
What's wrong?
[Teri sighs]
Red one.
- Really?
- For your meeting. with the outsiders?
- It's bold.
- Yeah. exactly.
Bold and strong.
You.
Don't you remember
when we used to do this?
- Morning fashion consults?
- [both chuckle]
If it wasn't for you.
I'd still be wearing flannel and jeans.
No.
You graduated all by yourself
to the Theranos turtleneck era.
No. that was not an era.
That was a phase.
[chuckles]
A brief but unfortunate phase.
When did we stop doing this?
- Following each other into the closet?
- [chuckles]
Following each other everywhere.
Think we both know
when that stopped.
Dylan would've been 26 this year.
Can you believe that?
Almost the same age
we were when we met.
How do you do it?
How did you heal?
- I didn't.
- You did.
You work.
You bond with our daughter.
You read for pleasure.
You can say his name without...
[Tim breathing deeply]
You're okay.
So are you.
I don't think so.
I'm glad you're okay.
[sighs]
[birds chirping]
- [gunshot]
- [gasps]
[panting]
[water running]
[♪ tense sting]
[watch chiming]
[sighs]
Good morning.
Sinatra called a Leadership Meeting.
- I'm aware.
- I wanted to see if you wanted a ride.
No. thank you. I'll walk.
Suit yourself.
If you need me.
I know where to find you.
[♪ unsettling music playing]
My parents will be gone all day.
When I asked about their arrests.
my mom said they were "down below."
I think I know what that means.
but my mom's computer will have the info.
So. you're a spy and a hacker?
[chuckles]
I mean. as the daughter of a tech mogul.
I know how to work a computer.
And as the sister
to a dead brother.
I know every password is...
- [computer key clacking]
- ...May 16th.
Dylan's birthday.
[grunting]
Okay. We're clear for now.
but they're gonna be looking
for us pretty soon.
Whoa. hey. no! No.
There is no "us." okay?
- This doesn't involve you.
- [scoffs]
You're right. it didn't involve me
until you staged the world's
most obvious jailbreak.
and I had to cover for your sloppy ass.
[scoffs]
Where are you taking him?
I-- It's his plan. I. I don't know.
We're forcing the main doors
to the bunker open.
We know it's safe outside.
People deserve the right to choose
if they wanna stay in here
or start over out there.
I'm giving them that choice.
Okay. Fuck it. I'm in.
- Let's go.
- What?
- Can sh--
- I. I don't know.
Okay. just come.
Wait.
We will have snipers in positions
here. here. and here.
We have to assume they'll have
snipers on their side as well.
The door-opening sequence
has been modified to only open four feet.
So. as long as you're not standing
directly in front of the door.
you should be out of the range
of their snipers.
Why are we even entertaining this?
Secure the bunker.
initiate full lockdown.
Full lockdown protocol is a last resort.
It's a massive draw on the power grid.
Can lead to instability.
rolling blackouts.
We can't activate it lightly.
not when we don't know
what they want
or how long they're here.
Please proceed.
The agreed-upon term states
five total unarmed members per side.
For your safety.
I suggest myself be one.
- Agree.
- I'll choose the other team members.
- I'll be one of them.
- I would advise against that.
[Sinatra]
And why is that. Dr. Torabi?
With all due respect.
I negotiated the terms.
Exactly. They'll recognize her.
If she's at your side. you look like
the mayor of the world's tiniest town.
It does not project the strength
and the resolve that we are going for.
- You have--
- [Sinatra] She's right.
Jane. please give them
any insight you have on the outsiders.
Your knowledge is invaluable.
You've done excellent work. Jane.
[breathing heavily]
[indistinct chatter]
He's all yours. Teri.
He was really helpful.
Hey. try to keep
the reunion volume down.
[Teri chuckles]
[♪ uplifting music playing]
[Xavier sighs]
I'm sorry. [sniffling]
I'm so sorry.
- Baby. no. no.
- I thought you were...
[whispering] I'd given up hope.
I had enough hope
for the both of us.
Yeah.
[sighs] Oh. God.
You okay?
I'm okay. I'm okay.
- The kids?
- They're good. They're good.
They'll be even better
once you get back home.
I never stopped trying to find
my way back to you.
You just found me first.
So. tell me.
What exactly is your crew gonna do
once they get to Colorado?
Well. can't borrow
tomorrow's trouble
when today got trouble to spare.
What's wrong?
That motherfucker.
We can't leave without the kid.
It's hard to explain. but Xavier.
that child is my family now.
- and I can't--
- I get it.
I do.
We got a lot to catch up on.
Let's go get your boy.
[Dakota] Be quick.
We're already running late
to meet up with them in Colorado.
Boys are doing one last run to Dobbins.
and then we are rolling out.
- With or without you.
- We'll be here.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
A word. please.
Oh.
I thought you were done with me.
Sold the car. never looked back.
Isn't that how it went?
I can't walk away
from the people of this city.
And if you are back in charge.
then we need to reestablish
our working relationship.
Okay. good.
Everyone in this city is better served
when you're on board.
I'm better when you're on board.
I know it's one-sided
and probably selfish.
but... I do hope in time
I can earn back your respect.
See. now. this is why women
- should always be in charge.
- [chuckles softly]
That was some very healthy
conflict resolution.
W-Well. that was
a very healthy start.
- Oh. there's a catch.
- Jane.
I'm worried about Jane
and her elevated position on your team.
- I don't think she's stable.
- Ah.
- So. not all women.
- I think she's responsible...
for Baines' murder.
And honestly.
I. I think I'm next.
You're fine.
The girl doesn't make a move
unless I tell her to.
Samantha. that's.
that's not very reassuring.
And a-are you ignoring
what I said about Baines.
or are you encouraging me
to connect the dots?
Well. at the risk of sounding like
a broken record. I'm not a monster.
Okay. right.
I know. I know that speech.
Sam... look around you.
Look at everything you have here.
Think of everyone you've saved.
Your family.
Is this how you protect them?
I'm working on something important.
Something worth making sacrifices for.
Is that what you're doing with Alex?
Hmm?
Who's Alex. Samantha?
This is not a road we can go down.
And I know you don't believe me.
- but I am doing good here.
- Who is Alex?
[softly]
Don't say that name again.
Now. I need to finish
prepping for the summit.
and you need to drop this.
I'm done dropping things for you.
[Jane]
He is the leader.
The one who asked for apple pie.
He might have military training.
The others are playing dress-up.
One step above NPCs.
- [phone chirps]
- Excuse me.
[lead guard]
Let's keep an eye on him.
You've got the apple pie.
Three of you are on the flanks.
Keep your heads on a swivel.
These are outsiders.
If anyone is a threat to Sinatra.
take them out.
- [computer keys clicking]
- [Hadley] And when was Jeremy taken?
It was after 7:00.
Maybe 7:15?
[Hadley]
'Kay.
[computer chirping]
[computer key clacking]
Where does that go?
[computer keys clicking]
It's. like. the bottom floor.
when they first excavated the cave.
- I've been down there.
- When?
Year one.
I was reading this book.
It was about this girl who saved
this bat. made him her pet.
I wanted one. so my dad
took me on this bat hunt. and...
Uh. it was just a bunch
of construction equipment
and old trailers.
Is there a prison or something?
No. Not when I went.
But we can go
find out ourselves.
- because...
- [keys clicking]
- [computer chiming]
- ...I just gave our wristbands access.
[chuckles]
What? You good?
It's been a few years.
Can-- If you wait here. I--
- I--
- I need to check the way.
[Robinson scoffs]
Look...
I really don't need your help here.
and I don't know if this is some
weird wannabe stepmom bullshit.
but you can drop it. okay?
I don't need protection.
Okay. first of all.
I don't owe you an explanation.
And second. yes.
looking after you
is part of the reason
why I'm here.
I cared about your father.
He was obsessed with you.
Your grades. your little league.
your band.
He talked about you all the time.
Yeah. see. that's.
that's funny. 'cause...
he never said a word about you.
[Anders]
Come. Come.
- [Teri] She has a boyfriend?
- [Xavier] Mm-hmm.
[Teri]
What's he like? What's his name?
Alright. before I tell you.
I would like to remind you
that Presley is working
with a limited dating pool.
- I get it. He's white.
- Yeah. he's white.
- [chuckles]
- What?
Spit it out. Collins.
Jeremy Bradford.
- Fuck you. Are you serious?
- [laughing]
Oh. man.
What does Cal
have to say about that?
Uh. not much.
Cal's dead.
Jesus. What...
Babe. I'm sorry.
James is good.
He's finally reading.
Told you there was nothing
to worry about.
- He beat you.
- Yo. I was reading by seven.
- And a half.
- [laughing sarcastically]
[Teri laughing]
Tell me about Bean.
He's a good kid.
But man. he went through it
even before all this.
He was like this tiny. little spark.
dying flame I had to shield and feed.
But when he caught flame.
man. he kept me going.
Kept me focused
on getting back to you.
- Gary won't hurt him.
- He's dangerous.
I know. X.
Why do you think I left?
Killed his best friend.
Almost killed you.
I know exactly who I'm dealing with.
And I know who you are.
I know you didn't borrow
that gun for show.
I know you don't give people
second chances--
I give plenty of second chances.
just not when your life
is on the line.
You're gonna have to bear with me
being a bit overprotective
for the next 10 to 30 years.
[♪ tense music playing]
[beeping]
- [clanking]
- [buzzer sounding]
[air hissing]
[heavy doors sliding open]
[guard]
Ma'am. step to the side please.
Hands up! No weapons.
[Link]
Samantha Redmond.
I had my money
on President Bradford.
Cal Bradford is dead.
Oh. Spoiler alert.
Who you got now. huh?
The VP?
The. uh. the bald one
that got decimated in that debate?
Henry Baines is not available.
We brought your requested item.
Thank you.
[lid popping]
[Geiger]
Whoa. Fresh apples.
Flaky crust.
This is what you want to talk about?
Pie?
[group laughing softly]
No. I. I. I just thought
it would give me an edge.
Like. uh. like Brad Pitt
in the movies.
He's always eating in the movies.
Mm.
Wait. do you have him in there?
No.
Aw. man.
Is. is that...
Oh yeah. I feel like
if we're gonna do this.
that's the place to do it.
That's fine.
It's fine.
♪
We'll be right here.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[Xavier] I don't see a gun.
but if he has one. I'm sure it's near.
The safest option would be
to eliminate the threat
- before we go in.
- Murder?
That's new.
Well. like I said.
we got a lot to catch up on.
- I'm going in.
- No. no--
I will talk to him. I will get Bean.
You will stay here.
- Teri--
- I need you to trust me.
I do. I trust you implicitly.
- I don't trust him at all.
- Xavier.
Xavier. I did not get this far
by playing the fool.
If he is a threat to you in any way.
if he even breathes too close.
I will not hesitate.
Letting you leave for Atlanta
three years ago...
I told myself if I ever got you back.
I would never let you
walk away again.
I will be right back.
[Link] Oh. wow.
[laughing]
This is like Star Wars. huh?
All these people. and troops.
- and pomp and circumstance.
- [pen clicking]
But. I mean. you know.
it all comes down
to Luke and Vader in the end.
Getting the real shit done
up in the rafters.
Mm.
You being Vader. of course.
'Cause of your hair.
It's short.
- Also. because you're evil.
- Hmm.
How old are you?
People always ask me that.
I'm trying not to take it personally.
I'm twenty-six.
And how many people are with you?
Are depending on you?
Well. we're spread out
over a. a lot of branches.
but all in. probably about 10k.
- That's a lot of mouths to feed.
- Mm.
And clothe. and keep
from killing one another.
Do you ever have these moments
where you just have
absolutely no idea what to do.
and you have all these people.
and they're just looking at you
like you naturally know the answer?
- I've had a few of those moments. yes.
- Yeah. [scoffs]
They need to believe
that you have a plan. a map.
And they can disagree with you.
but they can never doubt you.
Yeah.
We should probably get to it.
Come join me. on the dark side.
[Link chuckles]
[sighs]
Best we can tell is that
you are running this bunker
on three to five
modular nuclear reactors.
We want one.
What are you going to do
with a nuclear reactor?
Restart the world.
- Oh. just like that?
- It's a little more involved than that.
- but it's a start.
- Hm.
I admire your ambition. I do.
But this place
isn't some five-star resort
- with reactors to spare.
- Hm.
Fresh apples.
Meaning greenhouses.
grow lights.
artificial pollination. irrigation.
There's a flaky crust
on there too. so...
butter. or butter alternative.
Meaning refrigeration.
What do you really want?
One of your reactors.
No. I don't think so.
If you know this much about
what we have and how we operate.
you know we wouldn't let you come in here
and take something like that. so...
So. what do you really want?
Medicine. weapons. shelter?
I'm here for Alex.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Bean]
Gary said there was a bomb.
I'm okay.
[Gary] You're home.
Bean. I need you
to go outside right now.
Well. I. I made dinner.
He's hungry.
I'll make you something to eat in a bit.
but right now. I need you to go outside.
Hey. Bean. why don't you go
check the greenhouse. okay?
See if we got tomatoes.
You stay out there
'til I come get you. okay?
Okay.
[Gary]
We'll be out in a minute.
[♪ tense music playing]
[door opens]
Do you honestly think that
I was going to hurt Bean?
I would never hurt him.
- And what about Ennis?
- That was a mistake!
I was desperate
and I panicked!
[safety clicking]
This place doesn't work
without you.
Okay?
I don't work without you.
Okay. you need to calm down
right the fuck now.
My husband is out there.
Yes. he's alive.
And he is gonna take you out
if you don't calm down.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- I think you do.
Samantha. where's-- where is Alex?
I think we've reached an impasse.
[♪ tense music playing]
[computer key clicking]
[sighs]
[♪ tense music continues playing]
[electricity humming]
Look. um. I'm sorry for what I said.
- I just...
- [Robinson sighs. sniffles]
I've been. I've been working through
some stuff since we came down here.
but just more so since my dad died.
I don't know. maybe I'm just...
too much like him sometimes.
you know?
Big feelings.
Your dad hurt me
in a hundred different ways.
but never on purpose.
You are nothing like your father.
- [Anders] Okay. ready? Uh...
- [Robinson] Yeah.
Now. this is the point of no return.
Once the atmospheric
monitoring system
registers that there's insufficient
oxygen in the tanks.
it will force the doors open.
Well. how do we get the system
to register that?
[softly] Shit.
[sighs]
Old-fashioned way.
[sighs] Let's fucking go.
I've been dying to smash some shit.
Did I ever tell you
that I was a lifeguard?
No.
It was for one summer
in high school.
got me out of the house.
The one thing
that they told us over and over...
"Never let a drowning man
get his hands on you.
"You gotta give him
the buoy or a pole.
'cause once he gets his hands on you.
you're both going under the water."
As soon as the thaw started.
I could see it.
You were going to leave.
You were going to go back
to your husband
and you were going to take Bean. and...
And then that train came.
and it all came true!
I had to do something!
I was drowning!
I was drowning. and I...
I grabbed Ennis.
[sobbing] I'm so sorry!
I. I just-- I never.
I never meant to hurt anyone.
Okay? I never meant
to scare anyone.
I just...
These three years may have been
the worst years in history.
They were the best years of my life.
They. they. they were. they were
beautiful. terrible years.
Important years.
- But they're over.
- No.
It's over.
If it's over.
just let him take me out.
- Let him kill me! [sobbing]
- No. no. Gary.
[inaudible]
- Gary!
- [sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
You're gonna be okay.
I'm gonna be alone again.
Back where I started.
You have the chance to start over.
You'll find your way.
You'll swim again.
I know you will.
Will you make sure that Bean
remembers me?
- The best me?
- Yes.
I'll tell him about the man
who saved us.
Bean.
[♪ melancholy music playing]
Can you hold this?
Good kid.
Always said I wanted more.
- [chuckles]
- Speaking of that.
we got one more stop to make
before we get to the train.
We got a lot to catch up on.
Well. start talking. Collins.
You still like babies. right?
Hey. Bean.
Come on.
This bunker was built
to sustain a nuclear blast.
You won't get in.
Any attempts will only get
you or your team hurt.
Please forget about this and move on.
Lady. you're not quite getting it.
We're coming in.
I will find Alex.
and we will end this.
Well. I will do everything
in my power to protect her.
and I won't let you or anyone else
destroy what I've built.
Built?
What? [scoffs]
You haven't. you haven't built anything.
- Link!
- You've bribed.
and you've stolen.
and you've killed.
- [Geiger] Link!
- You've squeezed every last drop
out of a planet that you
and your fucking friends
destroyed in the first place.
[Geiger]
Dylan. let's go!
[muffled] We should bounce. man.
Not really comfortable here. bud.
[muffled]
Dylan?
Your name is Dylan?
When were you born?
- What?
- What's your birthday?
- Alright.
- What-- what's your birthday?
Hey. hey. hey!
May.
May 16th.
Alright?
It was nice meeting you.
Thank you for the pie.
I'll be sure to grab some for everyone
after I destroy
every fucking thing that you've...
built.
[guard] Ma'am.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
- [guard] Close the doors.
- [beeping]
- [clanking]
- [buzzer sounding]
[door opens. closes]
You're back.
How'd it go?
It worked.
I think it worked.
What worked?
[Tim sighs]
Hey. [chuckles]
Hey. You okay?
Mm-hmm.
I think so.
[chuckles]
Okay?
I can't explain it.
but I think Dylan is. too.
I missed you.
- I missed us.
- [whispering] I missed us so much.
- You have no idea.
- [chuckles]
[Tim moaning]
- [Sinatra chuckles]
- [kisses smacking]
This. Mr. President.
is the universal remote.
All the comfort controls.
the sky. ambient sounds.
are controlled in the tower.
Down here. this is the nerve center.
[chuckles] It's tiny.
Who's the poor soul
that has to monitor all this?
It's fully automated.
programmed to adapt and adjust
to any emergency
in just. uh. nanoseconds.
Hm. What happens if there's a fire?
The system deploys sprinklers
and alarms.
And lack of oxygen?
If atmospheric monitoring
experiences a loss of our oxygen
or nitrogen stores.
all doors are. are forced open.
Siege.
- Siege?
- Yeah.
Yeah. if an army of orcs
and the really ugly guys
mass outside the door
and the wizard with the white beard
hasn't returned
with the horse-riding guys yet.
Mm. I hate that I know
what you're referring to.
If someone tries to reenact
the Battle of Helm's Deep.
we will initiate
full lockdown protocol.
Mm.
[Anders] In full lockdown.
this bunker can withstand
a direct nuclear hit
or an attack from the Uruk-hai.
The really ugly guys.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
And what happens if all that
happens at the same time?
The air.
The Uruk-- uh. ugly guys.
[chuckles]
The odds of that are infinitesimal.
Uh. but we've programmed
the system to anticipate and react
to every reasonable scenario.
We're ready.
[Anders] We are ready.
[chuckles]
I owe you an apology. Mrs. Redmond.
When you first told me
what you wanted to do.
I said it was impossible.
I remember.
But we have made possible
the impossible.
This bunker. it will outlive us all.
[♪ soft music playing]
[Sinatra]
What are you looking for?
[Cal] Uh...
Oh.
Excuse me. sir?
Can I borrow this for a sec?
Let's see.
Yeah. good enough.
[knocking]
Thanks.
There's an alarming
lack of wood in this place.
And for the
"this bunker will never sink" talk.
just had me wanting
to cover all the bases.
The bases are covered.
Our redundancies
have redundancies.
so we don't need whatever
superstitious bullshit that just was.
[chuckles]
Sam. this is all really impressive.
You should be proud.
But this gig's got me
learning a little history.
just enough so I don't look like
an absolute lummox
on tours of the White House.
And one thing I've learned...
[chuckles]
Empires don't fall
on lack of preparation.
Nope. they fall high on their horses
and loaded with redundancies.
Roman Empire.
spanned three continents.
ruled the entire Mediterranean Sea.
They built roads
that connected the modern world.
They had sports. and philosophy.
and theater.
[Link]
Our team is gonna move in...
- [pen tapping]
- ...to here. alright?
I want another strike team
here. here.
and at the hospital
for supplies. alright?
We move at first light.
They were the pinnacle
of culture and excess.
[Cordova] There are 10.000 armed people
about to invade.
and no one can reach Samantha?
- [member] She's still not picking up.
- [people murmuring]
[Cal] And they thought
they were unstoppable.
Invincible.
And then. yeah. they crumbled.
The Mongols.
The Mongols conquered
from the Pacific Ocean
to the Persian Gulf.
and they wanted more.
[Cordova]
Who's making the call?
We have to keep them out.
All in favor
of initiating full lockdown?
[Cal] They overextended.
started infighting.
and they imploded.
Same with the Aztecs.
Ancient Athens.
British Empire.
The Bulls.
Six championships
in eight years.
Two separate three-peats.
That team was unstoppable.
Until they weren't.
They haven't been
in the Finals since 1998.
[chuckles] I mean...
[air hissing]
The Yankees. the Warriors. the Patriots.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[shower running]
And don't get me started
on Kentucky basketball.
[grunting]
[labored breathing]
It's the same story in sports.
in business. in government.
Their dominance might last a decade.
might last a century.
or whatever 1.000 years is.
And for that shining moment...
they are convinced
that they can do no wrong.
- [buzzer sounding]
- [electronics chirping]
♪ We're leaving together ♪
♪ But still it's farewell ♪
♪ And maybe we'll come back ♪
♪ To Earth. who can tell ♪
[people chattering]
♪ I guess there is no one
to blame ♪
- [buzzers sounding]
- ♪ We're leaving ground ♪
- [thud]
- ♪ Will things ever be the same ♪
♪ Again ♪
- [beeping]
- ♪ It's the final countdown ♪
[♪ ominous music playing]
♪ The final countdown ♪
- ♪ It's the final countdown ♪
- [alarm blaring]
[Anders speaking Swedish]
[Cal] Everything. Sam.
every single thing
that achieves greatness...
they all have one thing in common.
They end.
Not on my watch.
♪ We're heading for Venus ♪
♪ And still we stand tall ♪
♪ 'Cause maybe they've seen us ♪
♪ And welcome us all. yeah ♪
♪ With so many light-years to go ♪
♪ And things to be found ♪
♪ I'm sure that we'll all ♪
♪ Miss her so ♪
♪ It's the final countdown ♪
♪ Final. final ♪
♪ Countdown ♪
- Hi. Alex.
- ♪ The final countdown ♪
[♪ soft. dramatic music playing]
[♪ music fades out]
[♪ fanfare]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org